Add DifferentiableProgrammingImplementation.md to docs/README.md (#41123)
apple/swift: docs/README.md

- [DependencyAnalysis.md](/docs/DependencyAnalysis.md):
  Describes different kinds of dependencies across files in the same module,
  important for understanding incremental builds.
- [DifferentiableProgrammingImplementation.md](/docs/DifferentiableProgrammingImplementation.md):

>   Explans how differentiation is implemented in the Swift compiler, stage by stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Describes how automatic differentiation is implemented in the Swift compiler.
```
